store id (#61)
cardknox/cardknox-sdk-js: README.md

        <td>Transaction amount</td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>xInvoice</td>
        <td>String</td>
        <td>Invoice number</td>
        <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>xStoreId</td>
        <td>String</td>

>         <td>Store/Clerk/Server ID. <br /> This field can be used to route transactions.<br /> Contact Support for more details</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <td>Store ID. <br /> To support Multi-Merchant use cases.<br /> Contact Support for more details.</td>
```

>         <td>Store/Clerk/Server ID. <br /> This field can be used to support multi-merchant use cases.<br /> Contact <a href="https://www.cardknox.com/contact/integration-question/">Support</a> for more details</td>

Reviewer: DId we discuss that this should be Custom2?
